# CART Technical Vocabulary

## What is CART?

CART is Communication Access Realtime Translation. This is a service
provided by specialized people to provide real-time captions to those
who may benefit from those captions.  You can find out [more
here](https://mn.gov/deaf-hard-of-hearing/communication-access/cart/).

## Who is this Page For?

Primarily, this page is for the people providing the captioning, I.E.
the stenographers that create the transcriptions/captions.  However, it
may be useful if you are contracting a CART vendor for an event or
interview, as you may want to refer to this to help your CART
professional understand terminology they may encounter, which will
ensure higher quality captions. Likewise, it may be useful to people who
benefit from CART, to provide to your providers, to obtain better
quality captioning.

## Purpose

Technical employees use specialized vocabulary at work.  Some of these
terms are likely unfamiliar to captioning professionals, court
reporters, and others who may prefer to know terminology in advance of
captioning/transcription jobs.

Often, however, if a captioner asks an engineer, "What vocabulary will
you use?" many words may be left out.  This is to help provide a
starting point for those discussions.

## How This Guide Works

This guide is divided by general technical domain, with each technical
domain having their own pages. Some terms may be common across multiple
domains, and seen on multiple pages.  Multiple domains may be relevant
to a given captioning task, but likely not all will (should this guide
expand).

## Domains

 * [Network Engineering Vocabulary](Network-Engineering.md)

## How to Contribute

Preferred method is via a pull request.  Feel free to contribute new
domains or update ones that are already there.  However, also feel free
to email me (`jmaslak@antelope.net`) suggestions, along with whether or
not you would like to be credited.

